First of all, welcome to our
modern block and do not scare you
The pond looks a bit broken
at the moment but that would have one
landowners temporarily
emigrated is not only in
germany but has another
temporarily withdrawn and
Can you remember him before some
days now I have not as the the
temporal relation because we which blog
will be released on some days
we had a pond presented by
Andreas Gössl had mentioned that he
this care also wants people in the
Holidays are when people are not anymore
but can not take care of it anymore
want to do
and so takes care of this part too
Here I asked myself 50,000 plant
also with drum find the plant the
I'll show you the filter system right away
and as long as the family is in theirs
extended vacation is their
temporary domicile andreas dom
everything and the way you are here at the
Water quality at the between singers
did that very well
One could also have been by some koi's
maybe a bit impressed here
one of the most beautiful operas we know
the organizers know german
Of course, building finma will not work
single story gave back somewhere
in Japan times a bloodline over the
Ogata buyers have the often times
but how did I know where from ?
today is just an byproduct in the
German-speaking Switzerland and the German
Coach also not bred so often
are we perfectly clear back there down
are actually the mainstay of why you
really declined significantly during
more and more machine so mark
they are also rarely prohibited
and in the quality are even very
seldom then is another fisherman
not from is and us is his brother 1
1 kg kink you sony is outstanding then
from us a world class team ico some
very good karasik and one
top-class can okazaki I show
then right now
and yes the pond is
very important if you have longer
Change time or I can
actually recommend to almost everyone
is on vacation and you have the
possibility to cover the pond
Do you think there is always a fish?
he might be jumping there
even the life of the not yet again
back in the pond and this is here
Just prepare everything very well
and i know andreas as well as you come
here
three times a week arrive at the facility
he has your photo automat and i would
let's say about the stocking density of everything
That's not what we do now
the power should fail that here
the big dying starts right away
outside area anyway but not there
we already had a blogger sign
let me show you the fish
we make the filter system here
I just had to take care of it
Of course, sitting down there is relative
difficult after at the direct
Sunlight is not always film
really simple but down there sense
because his commitment has janko but
So either way 80 centimeters allowed me
the estimated so really
Imposing is her here we see in the
everything just because of that
body length of the kg kinky luxury very
Well, here we have it
okazaki also madness very much
beautiful fisherman is the fish of us
was at oliver gies this the way down
skier and suri
then this time biologically the
big shy
a big help
down there we do not have the few yet
jimmy's turn
so and now I show them the
filter system is the camera already below
and here is an example so the filter
works but if you lock this
from 20 to half a meter further
would have offset right would certainly
have been more meaningful because these are the
usual the remaining filter plants the
simply too tight we are
have one back here
drum filter from the company circle that
is what andreas installed
then we have here once then
Here again a cold it came too
partly moved to partly static like
you can see you have one more here
growth filled add a huge error
built and then stop to the usual
madness never a gram portion
plant that is here on the Abräumer
there are actions registered in the water
you can also all here in stainless steel
But it works alone
I have to run here
Difficulties can be any amount of air
could have three of the right air pump
collection
we have a normal push i can
340 altogether believe five air pumps
Maybe because of the reason
now at the moment it does not mean that you
then again just over several
way hedges to prevent that
if one fails, the larger one
Damage happens then you have now
in the follow up here much more
switched can briefly show then you have
yes, once again a giant find a bio
chamber because the just before the
existing fish stock was not enough
Has
that have as here that is not only at
he was probably improved
but also here and we have first
outside look important too if the
ph value due to missing carbon once
Crashes that there is enough capital here
nachschießen
The annoying thing is before the fish
first stop a biofilter and
So a support of the pH value due
lack of carbonates is easy
an annoying especially unnecessary
history so that's had Andreas
they are neither reconstructed
After the plant in the care
has taken over because as I said that there
below that i can get out of one hand and
that certainly is the way they are
another plant seen
in this sense until the next blog